The Marriage	2C	LN	This is the lawful neutral card of charisma. It represents a union of peoples, ideas, or kingdoms that might be as productive or as ruinous as the bonding of a salamander and a water weird.	Crown	Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.	Strength, Dexterity, Charisma.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Strength card. Give the rest to the Dexterity card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Charisma card. Give the rest to the Wisdom card.	Read as if the card in the mind location was the nurture card.	Give 2 tokens to the ability card 3 cards away clockwise.
The Queen Mother	3C	LN	This is the lawful neutral card of wisdom. This formian is the personification of knowledge, who is fond of the powerless, the underclass, and those who will show her obeisance.	Star	Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.	Strength, Wisdom, Charisma.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Strength card. Give the rest to the Constitution card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Wisdom card. Give the rest to the Charisma card.	Read as if the card in the mind location was the nurture card.	Give 1 token to every ability card that is a Hammer, Key, or Shield.
The Inquisitor	4C	LN	This is the lawful neutral card of intelligence. It represents an immutable object that cannot be deceived or influenced.	Tome	Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.	Constitution, Intelligence, Wisdom.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Constitution card. Give the rest to the Strength card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Intelligence card. Give the rest to the Wisdom card.	Read as if the card in the mind location was the nurture card.	Steal 2 tokens from the ability card 1 card away clockwise.
The Brass Dwarf	5C	LN	This is the lawful neutral card of constitution, showing an azer. It represents a creature invulnerable to a current threat.	Shield	Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.	Strength, Constitution, Wisdom.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Constitution card. Give the rest to the Strength card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Wisdom card. Give the rest to the Intelligence card.	Read as if the card in the body location was the nurture card.	Steal 1 token from the card 1 card away clockwise.
The Locksmith	6C	LN	This is the lawful neutral card of dexterity. It represents the keys the subject needs to unlock his fate. The card grants the tools needed to unlock some new place, puzzle, or hoard.	Key	Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.	Dexterity, Constitution, Wisdom	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Dexterity card. Give the rest to the Constitution card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Wisdom card. Give the rest to the Intelligence card.	Read as if the card in the body location was the nurture card.	Steal 1 token from the ability card 4 cards away clockwise.
The Forge	7C	LN	This is the lawful neutral card of strength. It represents strength through diversity, or strength from many sources united against a single trial.	Hammer	Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.	Strength, Wisdom, Charisma.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Strength card. Give the rest to the Constitution card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Wisdom card. Give the rest to the Charisma card.	Read as if the card in the body location was the nurture card.	Give 1 token to every ability card that is a Hammer, Key, or Shield.
The Tyrant	8C	LE	This is the lawful evil card of charisma. It represents a ruler who harms those he rules.	Crown	Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.	Strength, Constitution, Charisma.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Strength card. Give the rest to the Constitution card.	Give all of the tokens on this card to the Charisma card.	Charisma.	Steal 1 token from every ability card that is a Hammer, Key, or Shield.
The Eclipse	9C	LE	This is the lawful evil card of wisdom. It represents loss of faith and purpose, and the subject's doubt about his abilities or prospects.	Star	Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.	Constitution, Intelligence, Wisdom.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Constitution card. Give the rest to the Strength card.	Give all of the tokens on this card to the Wisdom card.	Wisdom.	Steal 1 token from the ability card 4 cards away clockwise.
The Rakshasa	1C	LE	This is the lawful evil card of intelligence. The rakshasa represents domination, mental control, and slavery.	Tome	Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.	Strength, Intelligence, Charisma.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Strength card. Give the rest to the Constitution card.	Give all of the tokens on this card to the Intelligence card.	Intelligence.	Steal 2 tokens from the ability card 3 cards away clockwise.
The Teamster	AC	N	This is the neutral card of constitution. It represents an external force that drives the subject on.	Shield	Give 3 tokens to each of the body, mind, and Constitution cards.	Dexterity, Constitution, Wisdom	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Constitution card. Give the rest to the Dexterity card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Charisma card. Give the rest to the Intelligence card.	Constitution	Give 2 tokens to the card 1 card away clockwise.
The Tangled Briar	JC	LE	This is the lawful evil card of constitution. It represents a historical thing or creature that will have some influence on the question.	Shield	Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.	Dexterity, Constitution, Intelligence.	Give all of the tokens on this card to the Constitution card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Intelligence card. Give the rest to the Wisdom card.	Constitution.	Steal 2 tokens from the card 2 cards away clockwise.
The Fiend	KC	LE	This is the lawful evil card of strength. It is a devil who devours the masses of the innocent, and can represent the deaths of many in a disaster. 	Hammer	Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.	Strength, Constitution, Intelligence.	Give all of the tokens on this card to the Strength card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Intelligence card. Give the rest to the Charisma card.	Strength.	Steal 1 token from every ability card that is a Hammer, Key, or Shield.
The Avalanche	QC	LE	This is the lawful evil card of dexterity. It represents disaster: an unthinking panic and destruction that overruns all.	Key	Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.	Strength, Dexterity, Constitution	Give all of the tokens on this card to the Dexterity card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Intelligence card. Give the rest to the Charisma card.	Dexterity.	Steal 2 tokens from the ability card 5 cards away clockwise.
The Courtesan	2D	CN	This is the chaotic neutral card of charisma. It represents political intrigue and the superficiality of social niceties.	Crown	Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.	Intelligence, Wisdom, Charisma.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Dexterity card. Give the rest to the Strength card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Charisma card. Give the rest to the Intelligence card.	Read as if the card in the spirit location was the nurture card.	Steal 1 token from the ability card 2 cards away clockwise.
The Carnival	3D	CN	This is the chaotic neutral card of wisdom. It represents illusions and false dreams.	Star	Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.	Dexterity, Wisdom, Charisma.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Dexterity card. Give the rest to the Strength card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Wisdom card. Give the rest to the Charisma card.	Read as if the card in the spirit location was the nurture card.	Give 1 token to the ability card 1 card away clockwise.
The Vision	4D	CN	This is the chaotic neutral card of intelligence. It represents esoteric and arcane knowledge, or madness.	Tome	Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.	Dexterity, Constitution, Intelligence.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Constitution card. Give the rest to the Dexterity card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Intelligence card. Give the rest to the Wisdom card.	Read as if the card in the spirit location was the nurture card.	Give 2 tokens to the ability card 2 cards away clockwise.
The Mountain Man	5D	CN	This is the chaotic neutral card of constitution. This giant represents an encounter with a physical power outside of the subject's control.	Shield	Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.	Strength, Dexterity, Constitution.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Constitution card. Give the rest to the Strength card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Charisma card. Give the rest to the Intelligence card.	Read as if the card in the nature location was the nurture card.	Steal 2 tokens from the card 1 card away clockwise.
The Rabbit Prince	6D	CN	This is the chaotic neutral card of dexterity. It represents the quirky vicissitudes of melee combat. The Rabbit Prince is the personification of the capriciousness of battle, and his broken sword indicates that defeat can come to anyone. The card sometimes represents younger members of royal or noble houses.	Key	Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.	Strength, Dexterity, Charisma.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Dexterity card. Give the rest to the Strength card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Charisma card. Give the rest to the Intelligence card.	Read as if the card in the nature location was the nurture card.	Steal 2 tokens from the ability card with the most tokens currently (ignore ties and this card.)
The Uprising	7D	CN	This is the chaotic neutral card of strength. It represents overwhelming strength that catches the subject up in something much more powerful.	Hammer	Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.	Strength, Dexterity, Charisma.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Strength card. Give the rest to the Dexterity card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Charisma card. Give the rest to the Wisdom card.	Read as if the card in the nature location was the nurture card.	Give 2 tokens to the ability card 2 cards away clockwise.
The Unicorn	8D	CG	This is the chaotic good card of charisma. It represents one who generously offers up that which is sought.	Crown	Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.	Strength, Intelligence, Charisma.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Strength card. Give the rest to the Constitution card.	Give all of the tokens on this card to the Charisma card.	Charisma.	Give 1 token to every ability card that is a Tome, Star, or Crown.
The Publican	9D	CG	This is the chaotic good card of wisdom. It represents fellowship and refuge. The cyclops is a seemingly inconsequential figure who nonetheless has relevant insight.	Star	Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.	Strength, Constitution, Wisdom.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Constitution card. Give the rest to the Strength card.	Give all of the tokens on this card to the Wisdom card.	Wisdom.	Give 1 token to the ability card 3 cards away clockwise.
The Joke	1D	CG	This is the chaotic good card of intelligence. It represents a monster that can only be defeated through trickery, or the value of humor in circumventing difficult people.	Tome	Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.	Dexterity, Intelligence, Charisma.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Dexterity card. Give the rest to the Constitution card.	Give all of the tokens on this card to the Intelligence card.	Intelligence.	Give 1 token to the ability card 4 cards away clockwise.
The Peacock	AD	N	This is the neutral card of dexterity. It represents a great beauty that can only be preserved if petrified and frozen in time for eternity, as by a cockatrice's glare.	Key	Give 3 tokens to each of the body, mind, and Dexterity cards.	Dexterity, Intelligence, Charisma.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Dexterity card. Give the rest to the Constitution card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Charisma card. Give the rest to the Intelligence card.	Dexterity.	Steal 2 tokens from the ability card 4 cards away clockwise.
The Desert	JD	CG	This is the chaotic good card of constitution. It represents an environment too difficult for anyone to survive without help. The sphinx may represent a source of salvation from plague.	Shield	Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.	Constitution, Wisdom, Charisma.	Give all of the tokens on this card to the Constitution card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Wisdom card. Give the rest to the Charisma card.	Constitution.	Give 1 token to the ability card 5 cards away clockwise.
The Big Sky	KD	CG	This is the chaotic good card of strength. It represents momentous change, as when all the slaves of a nation are emancipated.	Hammer	Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.	Strength, Dexterity, Wisdom.	Give all of the tokens on this card to the Strength card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Wisdom card. Give the rest to the Intelligence card.	Strength.	Give 1 token to every other ability card.
The Juggler	QD	CG	This is the chaotic good card of dexterity. It represents destiny, deities, and those who play with the fates of others.	Key	Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.	Dexterity, Wisdom, Charisma.	Give all of the tokens on this card to the Dexterity card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Charisma card. Give the rest to the Wisdom card.	Dexterity.	Give 1 token to the ability card 3 cards away clockwise.
The Theater	2H	NG	This is the neutral good card of charisma. It represents prophecy, with a true prophet acting a part as the puppet of the gods.	Crown	Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.	Constitution, Wisdom, Charisma.	Give 1/3 of the tokens on this card to each of the Strength, Dexterity, and Constitution cards.	Give 1/3 of the tokens on this card to each of the Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma cards.	Charisma.	Give 2 tokens to the ability card 4 cards away clockwise.
The Midwife	3H	NG	This is the neutral good card of wisdom. It represents the enabler or conduit of new creation, information, or arrivals.	Star	Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.	Constitution, Wisdom, Charisma.	Give 1/3 of the tokens on this card to each of the Strength, Dexterity, and Constitution cards.	Give 1/3 of the tokens on this card to each of the Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma cards.	Wisdom.	Give 2 tokens to the ability card 1 card away clockwise.
The Wanderer	4H	NG	This is the neutral good card of intelligence. It represents a centaur collector who appreciates things others discard as junk.	Tome	Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.	Strength, Dexterity, Intelligence.	Give 1/3 of the tokens on this card to each of the Strength, Dexterity, and Constitution cards.	Give 1/3 of the tokens on this card to each of the Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma cards.	Intelligence.	Give 1 token to the ability card 2 cards away clockwise.
The Survivor	5H	NG	This is the neutral good card of constitution. It represents a creature that has managed to survive a terrible ordeal, when everyone thought him lost.	Shield	Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.	Strength, Constitution, Intelligence.	Give 1/3 of the tokens on this card to each of the Strength, Dexterity, and Constitution cards.	Give 1/3 of the tokens on this card to each of the Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma cards.	Constitution.	Give 1 token to the ability card 1 card away clockwise.
The Cricket	6H	NG	This is the neutral good card of dexterity. It represents the grig, quick travel, and the reward at the end of a journey.	Key	Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.	Dexterity, Constitution, Wisdom.	Give 1/3 of the tokens on this card to each of the Strength, Dexterity, and Constitution cards.	Give 1/3 of the tokens on this card to each of the Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma cards.	Dexterity.	Give 1 token to every ability card that is a Tome, Star, or Crown.
The Keep	7H	NG	This is the neutral good card of strength. It represents quiet, unshakeable strength that withstands any hardship.	Hammer	Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.	Strength, Constitution, Wisdom	Give 1/3 of the tokens on this card to each of the Strength, Dexterity, and Constitution cards.	Give 1/3 of the tokens on this card to each of the Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma cards.	Strength.	Give 1 token to the ability card 2 cards away clockwise.
The Empty Throne	8H	LG	This is the lawful good card of charisma. It represents those who are gone, or a ghost of the past that has taught important lessons.	Crown	Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.	Strength, Wisdom, Charisma.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Strength card. Give the rest to the Dexterity card.	Give all of the tokens on this card to the Charisma card.	Charisma.	Give 2 tokens to the ability card with the fewest tokens currently (ignore ties and this card.)    
The Winged Serpent	9H	LG	This is the lawful good card of wisdom. It represents the couatl, the bridge of understanding between the towers of knowledge and judgement.	Star	Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.	Strength, Intelligence, Wisdom.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Strength card. Give the rest to the Dexterity card.	Give all of the tokens on this card to the Wisdom card.	Wisdom.	Give 2 tokens to the ability card 5 cards away clockwise.
The Hidden Truth	1H	LG	This is the lawful good card of intelligence. It represents the discovery of the greater truth within.	Tome	Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.	Intelligence, Wisdom, Charisma.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Constitution card. Give the rest to the Strength card.	Give all of the tokens on this card to the Intelligence card.	Intelligence.	Give 2 tokens to the ability card with the most tokens currently (ignore ties and this card.)
The Bear	AH	N	This is the neutral card of strength. It represents pure strength that cannot be truly tamed or trained.	Hammer	Give 3 tokens to each of the body, mind, and Strength cards.	Strength, Dexterity, Constitution.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Strength card. Give the rest to the Constitution card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Wisdom card. Give the rest to the Charisma card.	Strength.	Give 1 token to the ability card 4 cards away clockwise.
The Trumpet	JH	LG	This is the lawful good card of constitution. It represents an archon who dives aggressively and righteously into danger.	Shield	Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.	Strength, Constitution, Charisma.	Give all of the tokens on this card to the Constitution card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Charisma card. Give the rest to the Wisdom card.	Constitution.	Give 2 tokens to the ability card 3 cards away clockwise.
The Paladin	KH	LG	This is the lawful good card of strength. It represents standing resolutely against trouble, without backing down.	Hammer	Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.	Strength, Constitution, Charisma	Give all of the tokens on this card to the Strength card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Charisma card. Give the rest to the Wisdom card.	Strength.	Give 2 tokens to the ability card 5 cards away clockwise.
The Dance	QH	LG	This is the lawful good card of dexterity. It represents a complicated framework that requires the cooperation of all to avoid collapse.	Key	Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.	Strength, Dexterity, Wisdom.	Give all of the tokens on this card to the Dexterity card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Wisdom card. Give the rest to the Charisma card.	Dexterity.	Give 2 tokens to the ability card 4 cards away clockwise.
The Betrayal	2S	NE	This is the neutral evil card of charisma. It represents selfishness and envy.	Crown	Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.	Strength, Dexterity, Intelligence.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Strength card. Give the rest to the Dexterity card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Charisma card. Give the rest to the Wisdom card.	Charisma.	Steal 2 tokens from the ability card 4 cards away clockwise.
The Mute Hag	3S	NE	This is the neutral evil card of wisdom. It represents the insightful hag, a purveyor of blood pacts, treacherous secrets, and discord.	Star	Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.	Constitution, Intelligence, Charisma.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Constitution card. Give the rest to the Dexterity card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Wisdom card. Give the rest to the Charisma card.	Wisdom.	Steal 1 token from every ability card that is a Tome, Star, or Crown.
The Idiot	4S	NE	This is the neutral evil card of intelligence. It represents folly, greed, blackmail, bribery, or hubris.	Tome	Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.	Dexterity, Constitution, Charisma.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Dexterity card. Give the rest to the Constitution card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Intelligence card. Give the rest to the Charisma card.	Intelligence.	Steal 1 token from the ability card 1 card away clockwise.
The Sickness	5S	NE	This is the neutral evil card of constitution. It represents corruption, famine, plague, pestilence, and disease.	Shield	Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.	Dexterity, Intelligence, Wisdom.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Constitution card. Give the rest to the Dexterity card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Intelligence card. Give the rest to the Wisdom card.	Constitution.	Steal 1 token from the card 5 cards away clockwise.
The Crows	6S	NE	This is the neutral evil card of dexterity. It represents murder, theft, and the violent loss of that which is loved.	Key	Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.	Strength, Intelligence, Wisdom.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Dexterity card. Give the rest to the Strength card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Intelligence card. Give the rest to the Wisdom card.	Dexterity.	Steal 1 token from every other ability card.
The Beating	7S	NE	This is the neutral evil card of strength. It represents an assault from all quarters, or the mental dissolution of the self.	Hammer	Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.	Dexterity, Constitution, Wisdom	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Strength card. Give the rest to the Dexterity card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Wisdom card. Give the rest to the Intelligence card.	Strength.	Steal 1 token from the ability card 3 cards away clockwise.
The Liar	8S	CE	This is the chaotic evil card of charisma. It represents destructive, treacherous love. The lamia signals obsession, star-crossed lovers, or unrequited desire.	Crown	Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.	Dexterity, Intelligence, Charisma.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Dexterity card. Give the rest to the Constitution card.	Give all of the tokens on this card to the Charisma card.	Charisma.	Steal 1 token from the ability card 3 cards away clockwise.
The Lost	9S	CE	This is the chaotic evil card of wisdom. The bodak represents the permanently insane, lost among lunatics and psychopaths in insane asylums. It is a card of emptiness.	Star	Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.	Dexterity, Intelligence, Wisdom.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Dexterity card. Give the rest to the Strength card.	Give all of the tokens on this card to the Wisdom card.	Wisdom.	Steal 2 tokens from the ability card 5 cards away clockwise.
The Snakebite	1S	CE	This is the chaotic evil card of intelligence. It represents poison, venom, assassination, and discord.	Tome	Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.	Dexterity, Constitution, Intelligence.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Constitution card. Give the rest to the Dexterity card.	Give all of the tokens on this card to the Intelligence card.	Intelligence.	Steal 1 token from the ability card 5 cards away clockwise.
The Foreign Trader	AS	N	This is the neutral card of intelligence. It represents spies, merchants, and those who trade in information.	Tome	Give 3 tokens to each of the body, mind, and Intelligence cards.	Constitution, Intelligence, Wisdom.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Constitution card. Give the rest to the Dexterity card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Intelligence card. Give the rest to the Charisma card.	Intelligence.	Give 1 token to the ability card 5 cards away clockwise.
The Waxworks	JS	CE	This is the chaotic evil card of constitution. It represents a place of torture, imprisonment, helplessness, and paralysis.	Shield	Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.	Constitution, Intelligence, Wisdom.	Give all of the tokens on this card to the Constitution card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Intelligence card. Give the rest to the Wisdom card.	Constitution.	Steal 1 token from every ability card that is a Tome, Star, or Crown.
The Cyclone	KS	CE	This is the chaotic evil card of strength. It represents an unstoppable, destructive force unleashed through the plots of intelligent creatures.	Hammer	Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.	Strength, Constitution, Intelligence.	Give all of the tokens on this card to the Strength card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Intelligence card. Give the rest to the Charisma card.	Strength.	Steal 2 tokens from the ability card 3 cards away clockwise.
The Demon's Lantern	QS	CE	This is the chaotic evil card of dexterity. It represents an impossible situation of traps, mind tricks, and sleight of hand.	Key	Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.	Strength, Dexterity, Intelligence.	Give all of the tokens on this card to the Dexterity card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Intelligence card. Give the rest to the Charisma card.	Dexterity.	Steal 1 token from the ability card 2 cards away clockwise.
The Twin	J	N	This is the neutral card of charisma. The doppelganger represents duality of purpose or identity, or indecision and fence-sitting for the subject or the entire spread.	Crown	Give 3 tokens to each of the body, mind, and Charisma cards.	Dexterity, Constitution, Charisma.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Dexterity card. Give the rest to the Constitution card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Charisma card. Give the rest to the Intelligence card.	Charisma.	Steal 2 tokens from the ability card 2 cards away clockwise.
The Owl	J	N	This is the neutral card of wisdom. It represents the harsh wisdom of the natural order. The owl holds a needle that can bind life together or pick it apart.	Star	Give 3 tokens to each of the body, mind, and Wisdom cards.	Intelligence, Wisdom, Charisma.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Dexterity card. Give the rest to the Strength card.	Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Wisdom card. Give the rest to the Intelligence card.	Wisdom.	Steal 2 tokens from the ability card with the fewest tokens currently (ignore ties and this card.)    