The Marriage	2C	LN	This is the lawful neutral card of charisma. It represents a union of peoples, ideas, or kingdoms that might be as productive or as ruinous as the bonding of a salamander and a water weird.	Crown
The Queen Mother	3C	LN	This is the lawful neutral card of wisdom. This formian is the personification of knowledge, who is fond of the powerless, the underclass, and those who will show her obeisance.	Star
The Inquisitor	4C	LN	This is the lawful neutral card of intelligence. It represents an immutable object that cannot be deceived or influenced.	Tome
The Brass Dwarf	5C	LN	This is the lawful neutral card of constitution, showing an azer. It represents a creature invulnerable to a current threat.	Shield
The Locksmith	6C	LN	This is the lawful neutral card of dexterity. It represents the keys the subject needs to unlock his fate. The card grants the tools needed to unlock some new place, puzzle, or hoard.	Key
The Forge	7C	LN	This is the lawful neutral card of strength. It represents strength through diversity, or strength from many sources united against a single trial.	Hammer
The Tyrant	8C	LE	This is the lawful evil card of charisma. It represents a ruler who harms those he rules.	Crown
The Eclipse	9C	LE	This is the lawful evil card of wisdom. It represents loss of faith and purpose, and the subject's doubt about his abilities or prospects.	Star
The Rakshasa	1C	LE	This is the lawful evil card of intelligence. The rakshasa represents domination, mental control, and slavery.	Tome
The Teamster	AC	N	This is the neutral card of constitution. It represents an external force that drives the subject on.	Shield
The Tangled Briar	JC	LE	This is the lawful evil card of constitution. It represents a historical thing or creature that will have some influence on the question.	Shield
The Fiend	KC	LE	This is the lawful evil card of strength. It is a devil who devours the masses of the innocent, and can represent the deaths of many in a disaster. 	Hammer
The Avalanche	QC	LE	This is the lawful evil card of dexterity. It represents disaster: an unthinking panic and destruction that overruns all.	Key
The Courtesan	2D	CN	This is the chaotic neutral card of charisma. It represents political intrigue and the superficiality of social niceties.	Crown
The Carnival	3D	CN	This is the chaotic neutral card of wisdom. It represents illusions and false dreams.	Star
The Vision	4D	CN	This is the chaotic neutral card of intelligence. It represents esoteric and arcane knowledge, or madness.	Tome
The Mountain Man	5D	CN	This is the chaotic neutral card of constitution. This giant represents an encounter with a physical power outside of the subject's control.	Shield
The Rabbit Prince	6D	CN	This is the chaotic neutral card of dexterity. It represents the quirky vicissitudes of melee combat. The Rabbit Prince is the personification of the capriciousness of battle, and his broken sword indicates that defeat can come to anyone. The card sometimes represents younger members of royal or noble houses.	Key
The Uprising	7D	CN	This is the chaotic neutral card of strength. It represents overwhelming strength that catches the subject up in something much more powerful.	Hammer
The Unicorn	8D	CG	This is the chaotic good card of charisma. It represents one who generously offers up that which is sought.	Crown
The Publican	9D	CG	This is the chaotic good card of wisdom. It represents fellowship and refuge. The cyclops is a seemingly inconsequential figure who nonetheless has relevant insight.	Star
The Joke	1D	CG	This is the chaotic good card of intelligence. It represents a monster that can only be defeated through trickery, or the value of humor in circumventing difficult people.	Tome
The Peacock	AD	N	This is the neutral card of dexterity. It represents a great beauty that can only be preserved if petrified and frozen in time for eternity, as by a cockatrice's glare.	Key
The Desert	JD	CG	This is the chaotic good card of constitution. It represents an environment too difficult for anyone to survive without help. The sphinx may represent a source of salvation from plague.	Shield
The Big Sky	KD	CG	This is the chaotic good card of strength. It represents momentous change, as when all the slaves of a nation are emancipated.	Hammer
The Juggler	QD	CG	This is the chaotic good card of dexterity. It represents destiny, deities, and those who play with the fates of others.	Key
The Theater	2H	NG	This is the neutral good card of charisma. It represents prophecy, with a true prophet acting a part as the puppet of the gods.	Crown
The Midwife	3H	NG	This is the neutral good card of wisdom. It represents the enabler or conduit of new creation, information, or arrivals.	Star
The Wanderer	4H	NG	This is the neutral good card of intelligence. It represents a centaur collector who appreciates things others discard as junk.	Tome
The Survivor	5H	NG	This is the neutral good card of constitution. It represents a creature that has managed to survive a terrible ordeal, when everyone thought him lost.	Shield
The Cricket	6H	NG	This is the neutral good card of dexterity. It represents the grig, quick travel, and the reward at the end of a journey.	Key
The Keep	7H	NG	This is the neutral good card of strength. It represents quiet, unshakeable strength that withstands any hardship.	Hammer
The Empty Throne	8H	LG	This is the lawful good card of charisma. It represents those who are gone, or a ghost of the past that has taught important lessons.	Crown
The Winged Serpent	9H	LG	This is the lawful good card of wisdom. It represents the couatl, the bridge of understanding between the towers of knowledge and judgement.	Star
The Hidden Truth	1H	LG	This is the lawful good card of intelligence. It represents the discovery of the greater truth within.	Tome
The Bear	AH	N	This is the neutral card of strength. It represents pure strength that cannot be truly tamed or trained.	Hammer
The Trumpet	JH	LG	This is the lawful good card of constitution. It represents an archon who dives aggressively and righteously into danger.	Shield
The Paladin	KH	LG	This is the lawful good card of strength. It represents standing resolutely against trouble, without backing down.	Hammer
The Dance	QH	LG	This is the lawful good card of dexterity. It represents a complicated framework that requires the cooperation of all to avoid collapse.	Key
The Betrayal	2S	NE	This is the neutral evil card of charisma. It represents selfishness and envy.	Crown
The Mute Hag	3S	NE	This is the neutral evil card of wisdom. It represents the insightful hag, a purveyor of blood pacts, treacherous secrets, and discord.	Star
The Idiot	4S	NE	This is the neutral evil card of intelligence. It represents folly, greed, blackmail, bribery, or hubris.	Tome
The Sickness	5S	NE	This is the neutral evil card of constitution. It represents corruption, famine, plague, pestilence, and disease.	Shield
The Crows	6S	NE	This is the neutral evil card of dexterity. It represents murder, theft, and the violent loss of that which is loved.	Key
The Beating	7S	NE	This is the neutral evil card of strength. It represents an assault from all quarters, or the mental dissolution of the self.	Hammer
The Liar	8S	CE	This is the chaotic evil card of charisma. It represents destructive, treacherous love. The lamia signals obsession, star-crossed lovers, or unrequited desire.	Crown
The Lost	9S	CE	This is the chaotic evil card of wisdom. The bodak represents the permanently insane, lost among lunatics and psychopaths in insane asylums. It is a card of emptiness.	Star
The Snakebite	1S	CE	This is the chaotic evil card of intelligence. It represents poison, venom, assassination, and discord.	Tome
The Foreign Trader	AS	N	This is the neutral card of intelligence. It represents spies, merchants, and those who trade in information.	Tome
The Waxworks	JS	CE	This is the chaotic evil card of constitution. It represents a place of torture, imprisonment, helplessness, and paralysis.	Shield
The Cyclone	KS	CE	This is the chaotic evil card of strength. It represents an unstoppable, destructive force unleashed through the plots of intelligent creatures.	Hammer
The Demon's Lantern	QS	CE	This is the chaotic evil card of dexterity. It represents an impossible situation of traps, mind tricks, and sleight of hand.	Key
The Twin	J	N	This is the neutral card of charisma. The doppelganger represents duality of purpose or identity, or indecision and fence-sitting for the subject or the entire spread.	Crown
The Owl	J	N	This is the neutral card of wisdom. It represents the harsh wisdom of the natural order. The owl holds a needle that can bind life together or pick it apart.	Star
