Paladin,"This is the lawful good card of strength. It represents standing resolutely against trouble, without backing down.",Hammer,"Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.","Strength, Constitution, Charisma","Give all of the tokens on this card to the Strength card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Charisma card. Give the rest to the Wisdom card.",Strength.,"Give 2 tokens to the ability card 5 cards away clockwise."
Keep,"This is the neutral good card of strength. It represents quiet, unshakeable strength that withstands any hardship.",Hammer,"Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.","Strength, Constitution, Wisdom","Give 1/3 of the tokens on this card to each of the Strength, Dexterity, and Constitution cards.","Give 1/3 of the tokens on this card to each of the Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma cards.",Strength.,"Give 1 token to the ability card 2 cards away clockwise."
Big Sky,"This is the chaotic good card of strength. It represents momentous change, as when all the slaves of a nation are emancipated.",Hammer,"Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.","Strength, Dexterity, Wisdom.","Give all of the tokens on this card to the Strength card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Wisdom card. Give the rest to the Intelligence card.",Strength.,"Give 1 token to every other ability card."
Forge,"This is the lawful neutral card of strength. It represents strength through diversity, or strength from many sources united against a single trial.",Hammer,"Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.","Strength, Wisdom, Charisma.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Strength card. Give the rest to the Constitution card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Wisdom card. Give the rest to the Charisma card.",Read as if the card in the body location was the nurture card.,"Give 1 token to every ability card that is a Hammer, Key, or Shield."
Bear,"This is the neutral card of strength. It represents pure strength that cannot be truly tamed or trained.",Hammer,"Give 3 tokens to each of the body, mind, and Strength cards.","Strength, Dexterity, Constitution.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Strength card. Give the rest to the Constitution card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Wisdom card. Give the rest to the Charisma card.",Strength.,"Give 1 token to the ability card 4 cards away clockwise."
Uprising,"This is the chaotic neutral card of strength. It represents overwhelming strength that catches the subject up in something much more powerful.",Hammer,"Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.","Strength, Dexterity, Charisma.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Strength card. Give the rest to the Dexterity card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Charisma card. Give the rest to the Wisdom card.",Read as if the card in the nature location was the nurture card.,"Give 2 tokens to the ability card 2 cards away clockwise."
Fiend,"This is the lawful evil card of strength. It is a devil who devours the masses of the innocent, and can represent the deaths of many in a disaster. ",Hammer,"Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.","Strength, Constitution, Intelligence.","Give all of the tokens on this card to the Strength card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Intelligence card. Give the rest to the Charisma card.",Strength.,"Steal 1 token from every ability card that is a Hammer, Key, or Shield."
Beating,"This is the neutral evil card of strength. It represents an assault from all quarters, or the mental dissolution of the self.",Hammer,"Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.","Dexterity, Constitution, Wisdom","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Strength card. Give the rest to the Dexterity card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Wisdom card. Give the rest to the Intelligence card.",Strength.,"Steal 1 token from the ability card 3 cards away clockwise."
Cyclone,"This is the chaotic evil card of strength. It represents an unstoppable, destructive force unleashed through the plots of intelligent creatures.",Hammer,"Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.","Strength, Constitution, Intelligence.","Give all of the tokens on this card to the Strength card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Intelligence card. Give the rest to the Charisma card.",Strength.,"Steal 2 tokens from the ability card 3 cards away clockwise."
Dance,"This is the lawful good card of dexterity. It represents a complicated framework that requires the cooperation of all to avoid collapse.",Key,"Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.","Strength, Dexterity, Wisdom.","Give all of the tokens on this card to the Dexterity card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Wisdom card. Give the rest to the Charisma card.",Dexterity.,"Give 2 tokens to the ability card 4 cards away clockwise."
Cricket,"This is the neutral good card of dexterity. It represents the grig, quick travel, and the reward at the end of a journey.",Key,"Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.","Dexterity, Constitution, Wisdom.","Give 1/3 of the tokens on this card to each of the Strength, Dexterity, and Constitution cards.","Give 1/3 of the tokens on this card to each of the Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma cards.",Dexterity.,"Give 1 token to every ability card that is a Tome, Star, or Crown."
Juggler,"This is the chaotic good card of dexterity. It represents destiny, deities, and those who play with the fates of others.",Key,"Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.","Dexterity, Wisdom, Charisma.","Give all of the tokens on this card to the Dexterity card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Charisma card. Give the rest to the Wisdom card.",Dexterity.,"Give 1 token to the ability card 3 cards away clockwise."
Locksmith,"This is the lawful neutral card of dexterity. It represents the keys the subject needs to unlock his fate. The card grants the tools needed to unlock some new place, puzzle, or hoard.",Key,"Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.","Dexterity, Constitution, Wisdom","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Dexterity card. Give the rest to the Constitution card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Wisdom card. Give the rest to the Intelligence card.",Read as if the card in the body location was the nurture card.,"Steal 1 token from the ability card 4 cards away clockwise."
Peacock,"This is the neutral card of dexterity. It represents a great beauty that can only be preserved if petrified and frozen in time for eternity, as by a cockatrice's glare.",Key,"Give 3 tokens to each of the body, mind, and Dexterity cards.","Dexterity, Intelligence, Charisma.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Dexterity card. Give the rest to the Constitution card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Charisma card. Give the rest to the Intelligence card.",Dexterity.,"Steal 2 tokens from the ability card 4 cards away clockwise."
Rabbit Prince,"This is the chaotic neutral card of dexterity. It represents the quirky vicissitudes of melee combat. The Rabbit Prince is the personification of the capriciousness of battle, and his broken sword indicates that defeat can come to anyone. The card sometimes represents younger members of royal or noble houses.",Key,"Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.","Strength, Dexterity, Charisma.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Dexterity card. Give the rest to the Strength card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Charisma card. Give the rest to the Intelligence card.",Read as if the card in the nature location was the nurture card.,"Steal 2 tokens from the ability card with the most tokens currently (ignore ties and this card.)"
Avalanche,"This is the lawful evil card of dexterity. It represents disaster: an unthinking panic and destruction that overruns all.",Key,"Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.","Strength, Dexterity, Constitution","Give all of the tokens on this card to the Dexterity card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Intelligence card. Give the rest to the Charisma card.",Dexterity.,"Steal 2 tokens from the ability card 5 cards away clockwise."
Crows,"This is the neutral evil card of dexterity. It represents murder, theft, and the violent loss of that which is loved.",Key,"Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.","Strength, Intelligence, Wisdom.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Dexterity card. Give the rest to the Strength card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Intelligence card. Give the rest to the Wisdom card.",Dexterity.,"Steal 1 token from every other ability card."
Demon's Lantern,"This is the chaotic evil card of dexterity. It represents an impossible situation of traps, mind tricks, and sleight of hand.",Key,"Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.","Strength, Dexterity, Intelligence.","Give all of the tokens on this card to the Dexterity card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Intelligence card. Give the rest to the Charisma card.",Dexterity.,"Steal 1 token from the ability card 2 cards away clockwise."
Trumpet,"This is the lawful good card of constitution. It represents an archon who dives aggressively and righteously into danger.",Shield,"Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.","Strength, Constitution, Charisma.","Give all of the tokens on this card to the Constitution card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Charisma card. Give the rest to the Wisdom card.",Constitution.,"Give 2 tokens to the ability card 3 cards away clockwise."
Survivor,"This is the neutral good card of constitution. It represents a creature that has managed to survive a terrible ordeal, when everyone thought him lost.",Shield,"Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.","Strength, Constitution, Intelligence.","Give 1/3 of the tokens on this card to each of the Strength, Dexterity, and Constitution cards.","Give 1/3 of the tokens on this card to each of the Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma cards.",Constitution.,"Give 1 token to the ability card 1 card away clockwise."
Desert,"This is the chaotic good card of constitution. It represents an environment too difficult for anyone to survive without help. The sphinx may represent a source of salvation from plague.",Shield,"Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.","Constitution, Wisdom, Charisma.","Give all of the tokens on this card to the Constitution card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Wisdom card. Give the rest to the Charisma card.",Constitution.,"Give 1 token to the ability card 5 cards away clockwise."
Brass Dwarf,"This is the lawful neutral card of constitution, showing an azer. It represents a creature invulnerable to a current threat.",Shield,"Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.","Strength, Constitution, Wisdom.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Constitution card. Give the rest to the Strength card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Wisdom card. Give the rest to the Intelligence card.",Read as if the card in the body location was the nurture card.,"Steal 1 token from the card 1 card away clockwise."
Teamster,"This is the neutral card of constitution. It represents an external force that drives the subject on.",Shield,"Give 3 tokens to each of the body, mind, and Constitution cards.","Dexterity, Constitution, Wisdom","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Constitution card. Give the rest to the Dexterity card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Charisma card. Give the rest to the Intelligence card.",Constitution,"Give 2 tokens to the card 1 card away clockwise."
Mountain Man,"This is the chaotic neutral card of constitution. This giant represents an encounter with a physical power outside of the subject's control.",Shield,"Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.","Strength, Dexterity, Constitution.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Constitution card. Give the rest to the Strength card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Charisma card. Give the rest to the Intelligence card.",Read as if the card in the nature location was the nurture card.,"Steal 2 tokens from the card 1 card away clockwise."
Tangled Briar,"This is the lawful evil card of constitution. It represents a historical thing or creature that will have some influence on the question.",Shield,"Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.","Dexterity, Constitution, Intelligence.","Give all of the tokens on this card to the Constitution card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Intelligence card. Give the rest to the Wisdom card.",Constitution.,"Steal 2 tokens from the card 2 cards away clockwise."
Sickness,"This is the neutral evil card of constitution. It represents corruption, famine, plague, pestilence, and disease.",Shield,"Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.","Dexterity, Intelligence, Wisdom.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Constitution card. Give the rest to the Dexterity card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Intelligence card. Give the rest to the Wisdom card.",Constitution.,"Steal 1 token from the card 5 cards away clockwise."
Waxworks,"This is the chaotic evil card of constitution. It represents a place of torture, imprisonment, helplessness, and paralysis.",Shield,"Give 6 tokens to the body card and 3 tokens to the mind card.","Constitution, Intelligence, Wisdom.","Give all of the tokens on this card to the Constitution card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Intelligence card. Give the rest to the Wisdom card.",Constitution.,"Steal 1 token from every ability card that is a Tome, Star, or Crown."
Hidden Truth,"This is the lawful good card of intelligence. It represents the discovery of the greater truth within.",Tome,"Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.","Intelligence, Wisdom, Charisma.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Constitution card. Give the rest to the Strength card.","Give all of the tokens on this card to the Intelligence card.",Intelligence.,"Give 2 tokens to the ability card with the most tokens currently (ignore ties and this card.)"
Wanderer,"This is the neutral good card of intelligence. It represents a centaur collector who appreciates things others discard as junk.",Tome,"Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.","Strength, Dexterity, Intelligence.","Give 1/3 of the tokens on this card to each of the Strength, Dexterity, and Constitution cards.","Give 1/3 of the tokens on this card to each of the Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma cards.",Intelligence.,"Give 1 token to the ability card 2 cards away clockwise."
Joke,"This is the chaotic good card of intelligence. It represents a monster that can only be defeated through trickery, or the value of humor in circumventing difficult people.",Tome,"Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.","Dexterity, Intelligence, Charisma.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Dexterity card. Give the rest to the Constitution card.","Give all of the tokens on this card to the Intelligence card.",Intelligence.,"Give 1 token to the ability card 4 cards away clockwise."
Inquisitor,"This is the lawful neutral card of intelligence. It represents an immutable object that cannot be deceived or influenced.",Tome,"Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.","Constitution, Intelligence, Wisdom.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Constitution card. Give the rest to the Strength card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Intelligence card. Give the rest to the Wisdom card.",Read as if the card in the mind location was the nurture card.,"Steal 2 tokens from the ability card 1 card away clockwise."
Foreign Trader,"This is the neutral card of intelligence. It represents spies, merchants, and those who trade in information.",Tome,"Give 3 tokens to each of the body, mind, and Intelligence cards.","Constitution, Intelligence, Wisdom.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Constitution card. Give the rest to the Dexterity card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Intelligence card. Give the rest to the Charisma card.",Intelligence.,"Give 1 token to the ability card 5 cards away clockwise."
Vision,"This is the chaotic neutral card of intelligence. It represents esoteric and arcane knowledge, or madness.",Tome,"Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.","Dexterity, Constitution, Intelligence.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Constitution card. Give the rest to the Dexterity card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Intelligence card. Give the rest to the Wisdom card.",Read as if the card in the spirit location was the nurture card.,"Give 2 tokens to the ability card 2 cards away clockwise."
Rakshasa,"This is the lawful evil card of intelligence. The rakshasa represents domination, mental control, and slavery.",Tome,"Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.","Strength, Intelligence, Charisma.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Strength card. Give the rest to the Constitution card.","Give all of the tokens on this card to the Intelligence card.",Intelligence.,"Steal 2 tokens from the ability card 3 cards away clockwise."
Idiot,"This is the neutral evil card of intelligence. It represents folly, greed, blackmail, bribery, or hubris.",Tome,"Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.","Dexterity, Constitution, Charisma.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Dexterity card. Give the rest to the Constitution card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Intelligence card. Give the rest to the Charisma card.",Intelligence.,"Steal 1 token from the ability card 1 card away clockwise."
Snakebite,"This is the chaotic evil card of intelligence. It represents poison, venom, assassination, and discord.",Tome,"Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.","Dexterity, Constitution, Intelligence.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Constitution card. Give the rest to the Dexterity card.","Give all of the tokens on this card to the Intelligence card.",Intelligence.,"Steal 1 token from the ability card 5 cards away clockwise."
Winged Serpent,"This is the lawful good card of wisdom. It represents the couatl, the bridge of understanding between the towers of knowledge and judgement.",Star,"Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.","Strength, Intelligence, Wisdom.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Strength card. Give the rest to the Dexterity card.","Give all of the tokens on this card to the Wisdom card.",Wisdom.,"Give 2 tokens to the ability card 5 cards away clockwise."
Midwife,"This is the neutral good card of wisdom. It represents the enabler or conduit of new creation, information, or arrivals.",Star,"Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.","Constitution, Wisdom, Charisma.","Give 1/3 of the tokens on this card to each of the Strength, Dexterity, and Constitution cards.","Give 1/3 of the tokens on this card to each of the Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma cards.",Wisdom.,"Give 2 tokens to the ability card 1 card away clockwise."
Publican,"This is the chaotic good card of wisdom. It represents fellowship and refuge. The cyclops is a seemingly inconsequential figure who nonetheless has relevant insight.",Star,"Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.","Strength, Constitution, Wisdom.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Constitution card. Give the rest to the Strength card.","Give all of the tokens on this card to the Wisdom card.",Wisdom.,"Give 1 token to the ability card 3 cards away clockwise."
Queen Mother,"This is the lawful neutral card of wisdom. This formian is the personification of knowledge, who is fond of the powerless, the underclass, and those who will show her obeisance.",Star,"Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.","Strength, Wisdom, Charisma.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Strength card. Give the rest to the Constitution card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Wisdom card. Give the rest to the Charisma card.",Read as if the card in the mind location was the nurture card.,"Give 1 token to every ability card that is a Hammer, Key, or Shield."
Owl,"This is the neutral card of wisdom. It represents the harsh wisdom of the natural order. The owl holds a needle that can bind life together or pick it apart.",Star,"Give 3 tokens to each of the body, mind, and Wisdom cards.","Intelligence, Wisdom, Charisma.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Dexterity card. Give the rest to the Strength card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Wisdom card. Give the rest to the Intelligence card.",Wisdom.,"Steal 2 tokens from the ability card with the fewest tokens currently (ignore ties and this card.)    "
Carnival,"This is the chaotic neutral card of wisdom. It represents illusions and false dreams.",Star,"Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.","Dexterity, Wisdom, Charisma.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Dexterity card. Give the rest to the Strength card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Wisdom card. Give the rest to the Charisma card.",Read as if the card in the spirit location was the nurture card.,"Give 1 token to the ability card 1 card away clockwise."
Eclipse,"This is the lawful evil card of wisdom. It represents loss of faith and purpose, and the subject's doubt about his abilities or prospects.",Star,"Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.","Constitution, Intelligence, Wisdom.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Constitution card. Give the rest to the Strength card.","Give all of the tokens on this card to the Wisdom card.",Wisdom.,"Steal 1 token from the ability card 4 cards away clockwise."
Mute Hag,"This is the neutral evil card of wisdom. It represents the insightful hag, a purveyor of blood pacts, treacherous secrets, and discord.",Star,"Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.","Constitution, Intelligence, Charisma.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Constitution card. Give the rest to the Dexterity card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Wisdom card. Give the rest to the Charisma card.",Wisdom.,"Steal 1 token from every ability card that is a Tome, Star, or Crown."
Lost,"This is the chaotic evil card of wisdom. The bodak represents the permanently insane, lost among lunatics and psychopaths in insane asylums. It is a card of emptiness.",Star,"Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.","Dexterity, Intelligence, Wisdom.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Dexterity card. Give the rest to the Strength card.","Give all of the tokens on this card to the Wisdom card.",Wisdom.,"Steal 2 tokens from the ability card 5 cards away clockwise."
Empty Throne,"This is the lawful good card of charisma. It represents those who are gone, or a ghost of the past that has taught important lessons.",Crown,"Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.","Strength, Wisdom, Charisma.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Strength card. Give the rest to the Dexterity card.","Give all of the tokens on this card to the Charisma card.",Charisma.,"Give 2 tokens to the ability card with the fewest tokens currently (ignore ties and this card.)    "
Theater,"This is the neutral good card of charisma. It represents prophecy, with a true prophet acting a part as the puppet of the gods.",Crown,"Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.","Constitution, Wisdom, Charisma.","Give 1/3 of the tokens on this card to each of the Strength, Dexterity, and Constitution cards.","Give 1/3 of the tokens on this card to each of the Intelligence, Wisdom, and Charisma cards.",Charisma.,"Give 2 tokens to the ability card 4 cards away clockwise."
Unicorn,"This is the chaotic good card of charisma. It represents one who generously offers up that which is sought.",Crown,"Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.","Strength, Intelligence, Charisma.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Strength card. Give the rest to the Constitution card.","Give all of the tokens on this card to the Charisma card.",Charisma.,"Give 1 token to every ability card that is a Tome, Star, or Crown."
Marriage,"This is the lawful neutral card of charisma. It represents a union of peoples, ideas, or kingdoms that might be as productive or as ruinous as the bonding of a salamander and a water weird.",Crown,"Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.","Strength, Dexterity, Charisma.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Strength card. Give the rest to the Dexterity card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Charisma card. Give the rest to the Wisdom card.",Read as if the card in the mind location was the nurture card.,"Give 2 tokens to the ability card 3 cards away clockwise."
Twin,"This is the neutral card of charisma. The doppelganger represents duality of purpose or identity, or indecision and fence-sitting for the subject or the entire spread.",Crown,"Give 3 tokens to each of the body, mind, and Charisma cards.","Dexterity, Constitution, Charisma.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Dexterity card. Give the rest to the Constitution card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Charisma card. Give the rest to the Intelligence card.",Charisma.,"Steal 2 tokens from the ability card 2 cards away clockwise."
Courtesan,"This is the chaotic neutral card of charisma. It represents political intrigue and the superficiality of social niceties.",Crown,"Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.","Intelligence, Wisdom, Charisma.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Dexterity card. Give the rest to the Strength card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Charisma card. Give the rest to the Intelligence card.",Read as if the card in the spirit location was the nurture card.,"Steal 1 token from the ability card 2 cards away clockwise."
Tyrant,"This is the lawful evil card of charisma. It represents a ruler who harms those he rules.",Crown,"Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.","Strength, Constitution, Charisma.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Strength card. Give the rest to the Constitution card.","Give all of the tokens on this card to the Charisma card.",Charisma.,"Steal 1 token from every ability card that is a Hammer, Key, or Shield."
Betrayal,"This is the neutral evil card of charisma. It represents selfishness and envy.",Crown,"Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.","Strength, Dexterity, Intelligence.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Strength card. Give the rest to the Dexterity card.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Charisma card. Give the rest to the Wisdom card.",Charisma.,"Steal 2 tokens from the ability card 4 cards away clockwise."
Liar,"This is the chaotic evil card of charisma. It represents destructive, treacherous love. The lamia signals obsession, star-crossed lovers, or unrequited desire.",Crown,"Give 6 tokens to the mind card and 3 tokens to the body card.","Dexterity, Intelligence, Charisma.","Give 2/3 of the tokens on this card to the Dexterity card. Give the rest to the Constitution card.","Give all of the tokens on this card to the Charisma card.",Charisma.,"Steal 1 token from the ability card 3 cards away clockwise."
